First. the weather changed.
In the final days of the Freeze.
the visionary Mr. Wilford
prepared a Great Ark...
Snowpiercer.
There are places on the
Earth that are warming.
This train is all we've known
for the past eight years.
Every passenger will
be allowed to choose
between the train with me and
New Eden with Andre Layton.
New Eden is our chance
at a fresh start.
I will serve with you
till the end of the world.
We could derail before
we even get there.
It's good to take
a leap of faith.
Separating.
- Goodbye. Javi.
- Adios. amigo.
Those who choose New
Eden need to understand.
I can't promise you
that New Eden can
support life long-term.
The track is so bad. it's
impossible to find a good speed.
Welcome to the new world.
In middle school. I spent
an entire summer inside.
I didn't go out.
Didn't want the kids to
make fun of my braces.
But this...
no walls. no ceiling
for the first time
in eight years.
I'm not going to lie. it's
kind of freaking me out.
Does it freak you out?
Not one bit.
But you in braces?
All right.
Radiation levels
are normal for now.
Outside temperature
is minus 117.
Maybe it was a...
a satellite that
fell out of orbit.
The rocket's trajectory
was leaving the atmosphere.
not entering it.
Could have been a fail safe
triggered automatically
by who knows what.
A rat chewing a wire?
Yeah. well. anything's possible.
Tell you what.
Let's get these
samples and be gone.
"Snowpiercer." this is Ben.
Do you read me?
Mel. do you copy? Come in.
Some kind of interference.
Ben.
Holy shit.
They were waiting for us.
The end of the line.
That's what I thought when
the train split apart.
Who knew we'd end up like this?
- Hey. hey. hey. hey. hey. hey.
- I... I got it.
I got... I got it.
You didn't need to run
off like a crazy person.
She's fine.
Come here a second.
You all right? Do
you need to sit down?
You look like you're
going to pass out.
I'm just... well. look.
wait till nap time
when she's screaming
for her Gibby.
Then we gonna see
who the hero is.
- Ain't that right?
- Clearly it's Gibby.
Mm-hmm.
All right. well. now that
you got your morning run in.
how about we all get to work?
Wait. wait. It's cold out.
She needs a...
she needs a parka.
- Mm-hmm. Let me get mine.
- I'll get yours.
Turns out my mother was right.
Before she passed on. she
held my hand and said.
"Don't worry. son.
Endings are just
beginnings in disguise."
This is a new
beginning. a new Eden.
filled with survivors
looking for a second chance.
No doubt the open
sky has been a gift.
But growing food.
generating power.
fighting unpredictable weather.
it's been a struggle.
Almost as hard as trying to
make contact with our friends.
Wondering if they're
still alive out there.
on Snowpiercer.
879 cars long.
Hurry!
Come on. let's go!
Come on!
Come on. guys!
There!
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
Good morning.
There's a council
meeting tonight?
Yeah. Do you think
you can take her?
Yeah. Just come on
by in the morning.
I'll remember to pack the bunny.
Hey. yeah. what's up?
Hey. do you think
Headwood has the time
for treatment today?
Yeah. we'll make time for you.
Are you getting
your feeling back?
Yeah.
I mean. some areas are
responding better than others.
I mean. my hand is almost
completely back to normal.
Hey. look! Got lucky.
Actual blueberries.
- OK.
- Ooh. yum.
- Yum.
- Hey.
So I've been working on
that transceiver glitch.
I think the far relay's
too close to the edge
of the pocket.
Yeah. good morning
to you. too. Javi.
Hey. guys. I should
get to the clinic.
- I'll just catch you guys later.
- Yeah.
- Thank you.
- Mm-hmm.
Based on projections.
we've got about a week
before Snowpiercer
reaches radio range.
Yeah. and these atmospheric
conditions are not helping.
They're all over the place.
I think they're
affecting signal.
But I was thinking maybe we can
run diagnostics.
check the feed line.
maybe move one of the relays.
Yes. OK. I'll help.
Thank you.
See you tonight.
I mean. the fact that we still
have everyone living on
the train after a year.
I'd hoped for much better.
Shelter's next on the list
after we fix the bridge.
Took up a lot of manpower.
Is that still on schedule
to finish this week?
It's...
- we'll get there.
- We better.
You know. the work is piling
up between the shelters.
- the power grid...
- I know. and the relay issues.
The fun never stops.
Are we having relay issues?
Hmm?
Where'd you hear that?
Oh. God. Take me
back to the Teals.
Hey. I think that
rugged town mayor
suits you better than the Teals.
Sorry to bother you. Ruth.
but Sykes needs you in Ag-Sec.
Something about the
irrigation in car A14.
Ooh. there it is.
Let's add irrigation to the
ever-growing list of problems
- for tonight's meeting.
- On it.
That is. if you'll be joining
us. Councilman Layton?
Wouldn't miss it.
Council Chair Wardell.
Man. I don't know what
everybody's complaining about.
We got open sky. fresh air.
Yeah. they complaining
a lot or a little?
Uh. medium.
Either way. beats
the days of the Tail.
Know what I'm sayin'?
Hey.
- Shit. Hey.
- Hey. hey. hey!
Hey!
Cut it out!
Hey. break it up!
Boki. Drop him!
- No!
- Put him down!
Shit.
All right. hey.
hey. Stop. stop!
What is wrong with y'all?
He doesn't pay attention.
He almost killed me with beam!
Well. you weren't looking.
you bloody Frankenstein.
- Back up.
- He's drunk. He's drunk.
- I'm not drunk.
- He's always drunk!
Hey! All right!
We don't have time
for this shit!
We are so close to
finishing this bridge!
Look at you. man.
You're a mess.
Go get yourself stitched up.
This is not the paradise
we were promised.
Try not to use this
hand for a few days.
If you make a fist. it'll
rip the stitches. OK?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Wanna tell me what happened?
Not really. no.
I hear the bridge
is almost done.
I don't understand
why we're trying
to reunite with those people.
What do you mean. Snowpiercer?
Yeah.
Well. some of our friends
are still on that train.
Yeah. not mine.
Well. if you have any issues.
you can always bring them up
at the Council. Town Hall.
Hey. they have music
there sometimes.
You used to play
the piano. right?
Yeah. something.
in the Nightcar.
Maybe if it comes back.
you can play again.
Thank you for this.
Am I late?
Welcome. everyone.
to tonight's meeting
of the council of New Eden.
Let the minutes show that all
members are present save one.
Yeah. what's Alex up to tonight?
She was up in the
hill earlier today.
I don't know if she's back.
Checking the readings?
She didn't say.
All right.
I move that we declare
Alex's chair vacant again.
- Agreed?
- Hey. it's her loss.
Agreed.
Right. the main issue
on the docket tonight
is the strain on our
already limited resources
should Snowpiercer return.
I just... I was thinking
that while we have
this very serious
discussion about survival...
- Ah.
- We live a little.
Yes!
Ah. come on. it's been a while.
I defer to the council chair.
Oh. fine. Chair agrees.
Let's do it.
- Ruth. say when.
- When.
- Say when.
- When. You don't listen!
All right.
Yay. your move.
It's hold 'em.
And just for this one hand.
if you will indulge me.
kings are wild.
- All right.
- Just the way they like it.
Shh. Jos. keep our business
out the street. babe.
Hey. Mr. Sprinkles.
You miss me?
What I'm saying
is that rigging up
a geothermal heat
exchanger for a whole town
is not that simple.
But Snowpiercer's return will
only make it more complicated.
It's more shelters to
build. more mouths to feed.
more energy to generate.
Yeah. but if we can get
geothermal and solar
running 20% of
the grid by winter
and then Big Alice
running the rest.
it'll be cold. but we won't
freeze to death. I think.
I see your 5 and raise you 10.
- Huh. huh.
- Ooh.
He's holding aces.
Snowpiercer comes with
its own resources. too.
It's got more Ag-Sec. more
equipment. larger workforce.
Yes. but the pocket that we
inhabit is only so large.
Maybe there isn't
room for both trains.
I don't know if
you guys noticed.
but Javi isn't even
paying attention.
- He's killing us.
- I noticed.
He always does.
- Fold.
- Solid choice.
All right. Mr. Roche.
I call.
Let's see it.
Check that out right there.
- No!
- Pair of 3s.
No!
- No!
- 3s? 3s!
He came at him with 3s!
How!
How do you do it. Mr. Vegas?
- It's all magic.
- Nope.
You want the truth?
No. lie to me. Yes. the truth.
So when I was a kid.
I worked with my cousins at
a restaurant in Monteria.
But after work. we'd
go to the back room.
play cards all night.
By the time I was 16. I
was able to read everyone.
I read their pistas...
clues. Read their clues.
Oh. you mean their tells?
Yes. I read your tells.
OK. what's my pista?
Your pistas. Layton.
on a good hand. you
lean back on your chair.
all slow-like.
You're super dramatic.
What about Mr. Roche here?
Mr. Roche. you check
your whole cards twice
- just to make sure.
- What?
Yeah. And you. Josie.
you play with your hair.
Exactly. Like that.
Ruth... Ruth.
you're the easiest.
On a bad hand. your
left eyebrow will go up.
You'll raise it.
Just your left.
- I'm gonna start watching now.
- I told you this.
I can't play with
you guys anymore.
Whoa. what happened?
Well. if Ag-Sec lose power...
Yeah. I'm on it.
I'll count your chips for you.
Qué carajo?
If this is some kind of
joke. it's not funny.
- Feel that?
- Mm-hmm.
- Mm-hmm?
- Maybe.
Mm.
All right.
Yeah. well. I think
Dr. Headwood's treatment
is working quite well.
Yeah?
Now can we kill the lights?
Mm-hmm.
Javi thinks it was an accident.
but who goes fumbling
around the back of town hall
and trips over a power cord?
You want to talk about this now?
Not everyone loves the idea
of Snowpiercer coming back.
Ugh.
What if somebody is trying
to send us a message?
Then somebody is gonna
have to get over it.
Come on!
I mean. it's not
about the train.
It's about the people.
Every day I wonder about Miles.
How tall he's got. where he is.
Mm.
Ben. too.
Melanie. not so much.
Come here.
How long have those
power relays been
giving you and Javi problems?
You can go and talk to
Javi about that right now.
or we can stay
here and get naked.
Yeah. that's my bad.
I don't know what
I was thinking.
Can anybody hear me?
New Eden to Snowpiercer.
Do you copy?
Is any... there?
Snowpiercer. do you copy?
Come on. come on.
Mel. this is Javi.
Ben. do you copy?
Can you take a step?
You take a step for Daddy?
One step for Daddy. No?
Will you do it for Gibby?
One step for Gibby?
Don't worry. It'll happen.
- Ah.
Hey. mama's.
Oh. I don't know why
I'm trying so hard.
One day. she's taking
her first steps.
The next day. she's
walking right out that door
in that cold. scary world.
Will you stop it?
Whatever comes.
Liana will be ready.
She's a fighter.
Mm-hmm. Just like her mother.
Just like her father.
Hey. I patched Oz up after
that tussle he had with Boki.
I heard you were the
one who broke it up.
Yeah. Oz has got issues.
Ha!
What made him leave town
and move up on the mountain?
He didn't tell me.
But every day he's up
there. the weirder he gets.
Yeah?
I think you're right.
We're gonna try it again!
We're gonna try it
again. All right.
- Baby.
- Give me your hand.
Come on.
Can you... oh. oh. oh!
That was a step!
That was a step. you genius!
- You did it. baby!
- She walked with me.
You saw it.
I saw it. I admit it.
That was for... that
was definitely a...
Who's there?
Show yourself.
Hey. did you hear
that radio call?
It sounded to me
like it got cut off.
Josie went out to check
the relay already.
Javi. I'm busy right now.
I can't talk. actually.
It's Snowpiercer.
I think they just
tried to make contact
for the first time in a year.
All right. look. Alex.
I know you've got your
own thing going on.
But you're on the council.
And we have a lot
of responsibility.
Power. comms. water.
Ag-Sec. you name it.
Yep. I was running Big
Alice when I was nine. so.
And you're a genius.
I know that. We all know that.
The fact that you figured out
how Big Alice could generate
power on low idle is like...
Nobel Prize-winning stuff.
I was going to say
impressive. but OK.
Thing is...
Snowpiercer is coming
into comms range.
It could be already.
And that includes your mother.
Out of all people. don't
you want to reach her?
Javi. stick to the science.
Stay away from the personal.
Not very good at it. OK?
Layton.
Josie.
Javi thinks he just heard
Snowpiercer on the comms.
but the signal dropped out.
But I mean. if they're
in communications range.
that means they're closing
in on the track switch.
Well ahead of schedule.
But the bridge isn't done yet.
If Snowpiercer's that close...
Look. we need to fix
the relays first.
They can't come here if
they don't know we exist.
Do you think you can
get up there. Josie?
See if that relay's the
reason we lost the signal?
Yeah. I'll go and suit up.
The other relay. though.
it's six. seven
hours' trek away?
Yeah. I'll get Boki.
- Quick as you can.
- I'm on my way.
Hey. guys.
- Hey. Z.
- Yo.
You seen Boki?
He never showed up this morning.
Hey. neither did Oz.
Whoa. hey. what did we say
about ripping those stitches?
Yeah.
You need to come by the clinic
and get them redone. OK?
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
Yeah. I'll... I'll try.
Hey. excuse me.
Can I get your
attention for a minute?
I'm looking for Boki.
Anybody seen him?
- Who?
- Big guy.
Yeah.
I saw him coming out
of the Engine earlier.
- He was up at Big Alice?
- Yeah.
He had a small crate with him.
Looked like he was
heading up into the hills.
All right. OK.
- Thanks. Lights.
- Mm-hmm.
Oh. wow.
Yeah.
Could the rock have fall
off a cliff or something?
Uh. even with the winds the
way they've been. I doubt it.
But this is why we lost
signal this morning.
Power issues. broken relays.
Did you ever find Boki?
He was up at the Engine today.
Javi. Alex say anything
to you about that?
No.
She talks more to Mr. Sprinkles
than she does to me.
I'm sorry. Mr. Sprinkles?
Her pet bird.
She's using him to
get some climate data.
She keep him in a little box?
Yeah. usually. Why?
No. just something Lights said.
Boki's not our guy. Hey.
I think this was sabotage.
Things can't have got that bad.
You said it yourself. The
town's been grumbling.
We can discuss this
tonight at town hall.
and maybe discuss stepping
up security with Mr. Roche.
Javi. can you and Josie either
repair or replace this relay
and get it back on the hillside?
It'll be tight.
- But...
- Excellent. Thank you.
Andre. can I have a minute?
In the evening. OK?
Thank you. Sean.
Zarah. sorry. but I have
to step out for a bit.
Sure.
Will you be back this afternoon?
Yes.
I... Boki needs
another skin treatment.
- I'll be back after that.
- OK.
Oz was supposed to stop by
to get his stitches redone.
but he never came.
So I'm going to head
up to see him later.
You're a kind soul.
This is not the
normal town drama.
There is something
else going on.
And you really
think it's related
to Snowpiercer coming back?
Maybe?
I don't know.
We voted to fix the
bridge a long time ago.
so why fight it now?
Devil's advocate?
Resentment is a powerful thing.
The feeling is that we risked
everything coming here.
Snowpiercer didn't.
They chose to move on.
So why should they
share the reward
when we took all the risk?
Let them live with their choice.
Is the devil's advocate
talking. or Ruth Wardell?
We both have friends
on that train.
Friends we'd like to see again.
Yeah.
Right. well. my opinion.
it's not a protest.
Protesters want to
be seen and heard.
This is different.
This is more like
they're testing us
to see how we're
going to respond.
So the question is. what next?
Times like these.
I bet you really
regret stepping down.
Not even a little bit.
Getting to spend all
this time with Liana?
Wouldn't change
it for the world.
I am a changed man. Ruth.
And if the town needs
its wartime general back?
They already have theirs.
The people elected you. Ruth.
And there is not a better
person to lead them right now.
All right. I'm going
to go talk to Alex.
see if she can tell
us where Boki's at.
Hey. Sam. Hey.
Oh. Sorry. I'm on patrol.
Just checking in.
Did I wake Liana?
It's OK.
I was about to wake her anyway.
No. no. no. you know rule
six of being a parent
is never wake a sleeping kid.
Yeah. but I gotta go up
the mountain to see Oz.
I have to drop her with Andre.
No. no. no. Let her
sleep. I'll watch her.
Uh. that's OK. Don't
worry about it.
Please. I'd be thrilled.
Do you know how much I
missed this stage with Carly?
Back before back tattoos became
the topic of conversation?
You sure? I won't
be gone long.
Please let me watch her. Go.
- Thanks. Sam.
- Right. see you.
Hello?
Hey.
Missed you at the
meeting last night.
And the last three before that.
I don't have time
to play card games
with you guys right now.
Ouch. officially offended.
I'm just busy. OK?
Melanie said that big minds
should solve big problems.
Mm. so your pet bird qualifies
as a big problem now?
First of all.
Mr. Sprinkles is a dedicated
scientific collaborator.
Second of all. how do
you know about him?
You saw Boki?
No. I wish.
We could have used him today
to go check on the far relay.
but you sent him on an errand.
So when will he be back?
Later tonight.
Also. it's not an errand.
He's going to the
edge of the pocket
to get me data on
magnetic fields.
barometric pressure.
seismographic readings.
I have no idea what
you're talking about.
We're having earthquakes.
We've been having them.
They're small and
they're sporadic.
but they're real and
they're concerning.
And I'm trying to figure out
if the atmospheric erosion
is a corollary of the quakes.
There's something that's
missing in the field.
There's something that
doesn't make sense.
Yeah. there's a lot
of that going around.
Audrey?
Audrey. what happened to you?
They're coming.
Audrey!
Whoa. Oz. it's me.
It's just me.
Sorry.
Can you just get inside?
What's wrong?
Sorry. I just thought
you were someone else.
Who?
You wouldn't believe
me if I told you.
Those are a mess. We need
to take care of them.
You came all the way
up here just for me?
What?
Why would you do that?
Maybe because I
know what it's like
to be an outsider. to
be constantly misjudged.
Know what it feels like
to be so consumed by fear
and just basic survival
that you forget
what you're supposed
to be living for.
I can't live down there
in the bloody train.
No one's asking you to.
Just tell me what happened.
We stopped moving.
Yeah. that's a good
thing. isn't it?
When you stop moving.
the past catches up.
piles on top of you.
So climb out from under it.
- Ah.
- Sorry.
When we're done
here. come with me.
People are gathering
at the town hall
to talk about
Snowpiercer's return.
They're not coming back. Ever.
Snowpiercer's gone.
They're all dead.
All right. Thanks. everyone.
Has Snowpiercer answered back?
Thank you all for coming. I
know you all have questions.
Questions about
some recent events.
But before I take
those questions.
I'd like to take a moment
to express the
council's gratitude
for your tireless efforts to
complete the trestle bridge.
Really.
Congratulations on
a job well done.
It's been a long time since
we've seen our friends
on Snowpiercer. hasn't it?
Well. the day is
fast approaching
when we get to see them again.
to reunite. hug our
friends. and show them that
the risks we took coming
here were worth it.
John. you're not making sense.
What voices?
First. there were just
these whispers in the wind
in the middle of the night.
But if you listen.
you can hear them.
Sound carries in the mountains.
- and the drinking doesn't...
- No. no. it's not that.
I'm not drunk. I'm not crazy.
I was married to a psychopath.
so I know what
crazy sounds like.
- That's not this.
- Please. just calm down.
Something happened
on that train.
Something awful.
I don't know who's
responsible for all of it.
What are you
talking about? Who?
It's LJ.
She won't... she
won't leave me alone.
Come. come with me.
Come.
Now... now just...
just listen.
Oz. I know how
destructive LJ was.
Just... just please.
just be quiet.
If Snowpiercer returns.
you don't have to deal with her.
They're not returning.
I've just told you!
Oz I'm trying to help you.
but you need to calm down.
No. You listen! Just listen!
All is not forgiven.
We're just as guilty
as they are. all of us.
They're already here.
They're haunting this place
because we made it
and they didn't.
I'm sorry. I have to go.
- Sorry.
- Can you just wait?
Zarah!
See you brought the Aloha gear.
I tried to give Ruth
a smile tonight.
That's good.
I kind of missed the Aloha Javi.
He knew how to have fun.
Well. so did Alex.
- Did I?
- Hey. we need some help here!
Can somebody make some
room? We need help!
- Gotcha.
- Yeah.
I gotcha.
- Zarah?
- God!
Dr. Headwood?
Yeah. it's Audrey.
She showed up on a track scaler.
She's in really bad shape.
All right. everybody.
- We need the room. please.
- Go get her some water.
- Quick as you can. can you?
- What happened to her skin?
I don't know. She
showed up like this.
She said someone was coming.
- Audrey?
- Dr. Headwood?
Audrey.
Oh. not this again.
I thought you fixed the cable.
I did.
Javi. Alex. get
the power back on.
Let's go.
Hey. hey. hey. hey.
The power. the relays.
someone is not coming.
They are already here.
They've been here.
Who?
Where... where is Zarah?
Why isn't she... I
need to find Liana.
Out of the way!
Audrey?
Excuse me. Excuse me.
Can you say Roche?
Yes. hello.
Yes.
Hey. Doc Headwood.
How you been?
- Evening.
- Oh. don't worry. doc.
Everything's going to be OK.
Probably just a loose cable.
I'm very sorry. Mr. Roche.
- Layton!
- Hey.
Layton. I just saw...
Yeah. a track scaler. I know.
- Miss Audrey was inside.
- What?
Yeah. she's in bad shape.
I took her up to the town
hall. but she needs a doctor.
No. no. no. no. Miss
Audrey? Just stop. Stop.
One thing at a time.
I didn't see a track
scaler. I saw a snow cat.
- What?
- Yes.
On the other side
of the mountain.
It was a... a
transport or something.
We haven't got one of those.
Neither does Snowpiercer.
Zarah. where are you?
Zarah?
Layton.
Oh. sh... hey. hey. Sam.
Sam. come on. buddy.
He's got a pulse.
Liana?
Liana.
- Dr. Headwood?
- Zarah.
Who is that with you?
Remain calm.
Everything's going
to be all right.
Give me my daughter.
Zarah. stop. stop!
He is a friend.
Zarah. He's a friend.
Give me my daughter. Now!
No. don't... don't...
don't... don't fight!
Zarah. don't fight with him!
Give her to me now!
Get off of me.
Please. Zarah. I am
trying to help you.
Zarah. don't fight with him.
Give me my daughter!
Stop fighting with him. please.
- Dr. Headwood!
- Please stop this.
- Just stop.
- Get off of me!
- Give her to me!
- Zarah!
We stemmed the bleeding.
but he never woke up.
He needs help.
God. How the hell did
this happen. Andre?
Look. just get a nurse.
Go to the clinic.
I'm going to round up
volunteers to search the hills.
Josie's already up there.
I need everybody. Ruth.
- I'll get her.
- Everybody.
Zarah!
Who's that?
It's Bojan Boscovic.
You must come with me.
Please. Hurry.
Yeah.
It's her back.
I did not want to move her.
Zarah?
Zarah. Zarah. it's Josie.
Can you hear me?
- What?
- Hey.
Liana.
They took Liana.
Who took her? Liana.
Headwood.
And a stranger.
Not one of us. Not one of us.
- OK.
- Liana.
Take care of Liana.
We will.
Josie's there.
Mm-hmm.
Can't feel anything.
I'm right here.
Everyone pan out.
Javi. you go east.
Alex. you take the north hills.
They're out there somewhere.
Layton.
No. no. no. no. no. no.
no. no. no. no. no. no!
Zarah! Zarah!
She was at the
bottom of a cliff.
She was almost gone
when we reached her.
I'm sorry.
Where's Liana?
I don't know.
Where is she?
It was Headwood and a stranger.
I don't know. Layton.
I... Layton.
Layton. they... they've gone.
They had a vehicle.
You'll die if you go out there.
Listen to me. it's too late!
It's too late. Layton.
Layton. it's too late.
Layton.
I'm going to find
who took Liana.
And I'm going to kill him.
Whatever it takes.
Who are you guys?
What's going on?
Put your guns down!
Admiral Anton Milius.
International Peace
Keeping Forces.
Survivors.
Everyone remain calm.
Everyone except you two.
You're taking me
to Melanie Cavill.
- Layton.
- Yeah.
They took the train.
Attention! The new
passengers want you to know
that. uh. as long as
you do as you're told...
...all is well.
The work we're doing is
going to save the world.
Gemini will not launch
until it's been proven.
- Dada?
- Daddy's coming.
How long will it take to unhook
this and get it running again?
- Unhook what?
- We're going after Snowpiercer.
The train goes nowhere
without its creator.
If they take Big Alice. we
don't just lose New Eden.
We lose everything.
The people of New Eden
are ready for any fight...
versus man. beast. or train.
That's my train!
And then... what? We
all just go off together
on the trains to save humanity?